content/contact.md, before:

---

# Front Matter (YAML)

author: "Jane Doe" ## The author of the page. (max 64 characters)
banner_alt: "Snow Mountain With Aurora Borealis" ## The banner alt of the site.
banner_height: "398" ## The banner height of the site.
banner_width: "1440" ## The banner width of the site.
banner: "https://kura.pro/unsplash/images/banners/vishal-bansal-SC5sXeyjloE-unsplash.jpg" ## The banner of the site.
cdn: "https://kura.pro" ## The CDN of the site.
charset: "utf-8" ## The charset of the site. (default: utf-8)
cname: "kaishi.one" ## The cname value of the site. (Only required for the index page.)
copyright: "© 2023 Kaishi. All rights reserved." ## The copyright of the site.
description: "You can contact us using the contact form below." ## The description of the site. (max 160 characters)
download: "" ## The download url for the product.
format-detection: "telephone=no" ## The format detection of the site.
form-id: "https://formspree.io/f/meqwylbe" ## The form id of the site.
hreflang: "en" ## The hreflang of the site. (default: en-gb)
icon: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg" ## The icon of the site in SVG format.
id: "https://kaishi.one" ## The id of the site.
image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The image alt of the site.
image_height: "630" ## The image height of the site.
image_width: "1200" ## The image width of the site.
image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/banners/banner-kaishi.webp" ## The main image of the site in SVG format.
keywords: "contact us, contact form, get in touch, contact page, contact information, customer service, support, feedback, questions, inquiries, help" ## The keywords of the site. (max 160 characters)
language: "en-GB" ## The language of the site. (default: en-GB)
layout: "contact" ## The layout of the site.
locale: "en_GB" ## The locale of the site.
logo_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The logo alt of the site.
logo_height: "33" ## The logo height of the site.
logo_width: "100" ## The logo width of the site.
logo: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/banners/banner-kaishi.webp" ## The logo of the site in SVG format.
name: "Kaishi" ## The name of the website. (max 64 characters)
permalink: "https://kaishi.one/contact" ## The url of the site.
rating: "general" ## The rating of the site.
referrer: "no-referrer" ## The referrer of the site.
revisit-after: "7 days" ## The revisit after of the site.
robots: "index, follow" ## The robots of the site.
short_name: "kaishi" ## The short name of the site. (max 12 characters)
subtitle: "How can we help you today?" ## The subtitle of the page. (max 64 characters)
theme_color: "rgb(143, 250, 111)" ## The theme color of the site.
title: "Contact Us" ## The title of the page. (max 64 characters)
url: "https://kaishi.one" ## The url of the site.
viewport: "width=device-width, initial-scale=1, shrink-to-fit=no" ## The viewport of the site.

# RSS - The RSS feed front matter (YAML).
atom_link: https://kaishi.one/contact/rss.xml
category: "Technology"
docs: https://validator.w3.org/feed/docs/rss2.html
generator: "Shokunin 🦀 (version 0.0.16)"
item_description: RSS feed for the contact page of the Kaishi website.
item_guid: https://kaishi.one/contact/rss.xml
item_link: https://kaishi.one/contact/rss.xml
item_pub_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
item_title: "Contact Us"
last_build_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
managing_editor: jane.doe@kaishi.one
pub_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
ttl: "60"
type: "website"
webmaster: jane.doe@kaishi.one

# Apple - The Apple front matter (YAML).
apple_mobile_web_app_orientations: "portrait" ## The Apple mobile web app orientations of the page.
apple_touch_icon_sizes: "192x192" ## The Apple touch icon sizes of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-capable: "yes" ## The Apple mobile web app capable of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-inset: "black" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar inset of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style: "black-translucent" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar style of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-title: "Contact Us" ## The Apple mobile web app title of the page.
apple-touch-fullscreen: "yes" ## The Apple touch fullscreen of the page.

# MS Application - The MS Application front matter (YAML).

msapplication-navbutton-color: "rgb(143, 250, 111)"

# Twitter Card - The Twitter Card front matter (YAML).

## twitter_card - The Twitter Card type of the page.
twitter_card: "summary"
## twitter_creator - The Twitter Card creator of the page.
twitter_creator: "janedoe"
## twitter_description - The Twitter Card description of the page.
twitter_description: "Contact us form for Kaishi, a starter template for static sites"
## twitter_image - The Twitter Card image of the page.
twitter_image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg"
## twitter_image:alt - The Twitter Card image alt of the page.
twitter_image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites"
## twitter_site - The Twitter Card site of the page.
twitter_site: "janedoe"
## twitter_title - The Twitter Card title of the page.
twitter_title: "Contact Us"
## twitter_url - The Twitter Card url of the page.
twitter_url: "https://kaishi.one"

# Humans.txt - The Humans.txt front matter (YAML).
author_website: "https://kura.pro" ## The author website of the page.
author_twitter: "@wwdseb" ## The author twitter of the page.
author_location: "London, UK" ## The author location of the page.
thanks: "Thanks for reading!" ## The thanks of the page.
site_last_updated: "2023-07-05" ## The last updated of the site.
site_standards: "HTML5, CSS3, RSS, Atom, JSON, XML, YAML, Markdown, TOML" ## The standards of the site.
site_components: "Kaishi, Kaishi Builder, Kaishi CLI, Kaishi Templates, Kaishi Themes" ## The components of the site.
site_software: "Shokunin, Rust" ## The software of the site.

---

Commit message:

fix(shokunin): updating tags feature

content/contact.md, after:

---

# Front Matter (YAML)

author: "Jane Doe" ## The author of the page. (max 64 characters)
banner_alt: "Snow Mountain With Aurora Borealis" ## The banner alt of the site.
banner_height: "398" ## The banner height of the site.
banner_width: "1440" ## The banner width of the site.
banner: "https://kura.pro/unsplash/images/banners/vishal-bansal-SC5sXeyjloE-unsplash.jpg" ## The banner of the site.
cdn: "https://kura.pro" ## The CDN of the site.
charset: "utf-8" ## The charset of the site. (default: utf-8)
cname: "kaishi.one" ## The cname value of the site. (Only required for the index page.)
copyright: "© 2023 Kaishi. All rights reserved." ## The copyright of the site.
date: "2023-07-12" ## The date of the page.
description: "You can contact us using the contact form below." ## The description of the site. (max 160 characters)
download: "" ## The download url for the product.
format-detection: "telephone=no" ## The format detection of the site.
form-id: "https://formspree.io/f/meqwylbe" ## The form id of the site.
hreflang: "en" ## The hreflang of the site. (default: en-gb)
icon: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg" ## The icon of the site in SVG format.
id: "https://kaishi.one" ## The id of the site.
image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The image alt of the site.
image_height: "630" ## The image height of the site.
image_width: "1200" ## The image width of the site.
image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/banners/banner-kaishi.webp" ## The main image of the site in SVG format.
keywords: "contact us, contact form, get in touch, contact page, contact information, customer service, support, feedback, questions, inquiries, help" ## The keywords of the site. (max 160 characters)
language: "en-GB" ## The language of the site. (default: en-GB)
layout: "contact" ## The layout of the site.
locale: "en_GB" ## The locale of the site.
logo_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The logo alt of the site.
logo_height: "33" ## The logo height of the site.
logo_width: "100" ## The logo width of the site.
logo: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/banners/banner-kaishi.webp" ## The logo of the site in SVG format.
name: "Kaishi" ## The name of the website. (max 64 characters)
permalink: "https://kaishi.one/contact" ## The url of the site.
rating: "general" ## The rating of the site.
referrer: "no-referrer" ## The referrer of the site.
revisit-after: "7 days" ## The revisit after of the site.
robots: "index, follow" ## The robots of the site.
short_name: "kaishi" ## The short name of the site. (max 12 characters)
subtitle: "How can we help you today?" ## The subtitle of the page. (max 64 characters)
tags: "contact us, contact form, get in touch, contact page, contact information, customer service, support, feedback, questions, inquiries, help" ## The tags of the site. (max 160 characters)
theme_color: "rgb(143, 250, 111)" ## The theme color of the site.
title: "Contact Us" ## The title of the page. (max 64 characters)
url: "https://kaishi.one" ## The url of the site.
viewport: "width=device-width, initial-scale=1, shrink-to-fit=no" ## The viewport of the site.

# RSS - The RSS feed front matter (YAML).
atom_link: https://kaishi.one/contact/rss.xml
category: "Technology"
docs: https://validator.w3.org/feed/docs/rss2.html
generator: "Shokunin 🦀 (version 0.0.16)"
item_description: RSS feed for the contact page of the Kaishi website.
item_guid: https://kaishi.one/contact/rss.xml
item_link: https://kaishi.one/contact/rss.xml
item_pub_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
item_title: "Contact Us"
last_build_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
managing_editor: jane.doe@kaishi.one
pub_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
ttl: "60"
type: "website"
webmaster: jane.doe@kaishi.one

# Apple - The Apple front matter (YAML).
apple_mobile_web_app_orientations: "portrait" ## The Apple mobile web app orientations of the page.
apple_touch_icon_sizes: "192x192" ## The Apple touch icon sizes of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-capable: "yes" ## The Apple mobile web app capable of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-inset: "black" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar inset of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style: "black-translucent" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar style of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-title: "Contact Us" ## The Apple mobile web app title of the page.
apple-touch-fullscreen: "yes" ## The Apple touch fullscreen of the page.

# MS Application - The MS Application front matter (YAML).

msapplication-navbutton-color: "rgb(143, 250, 111)"

# Twitter Card - The Twitter Card front matter (YAML).

## twitter_card - The Twitter Card type of the page.
twitter_card: "summary"
## twitter_creator - The Twitter Card creator of the page.
twitter_creator: "janedoe"
## twitter_description - The Twitter Card description of the page.
twitter_description: "Contact us form for Kaishi, a starter template for static sites"
## twitter_image - The Twitter Card image of the page.
twitter_image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg"
## twitter_image:alt - The Twitter Card image alt of the page.
twitter_image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites"
## twitter_site - The Twitter Card site of the page.
twitter_site: "janedoe"
## twitter_title - The Twitter Card title of the page.
twitter_title: "Contact Us"
## twitter_url - The Twitter Card url of the page.
twitter_url: "https://kaishi.one"

# Humans.txt - The Humans.txt front matter (YAML).
author_website: "https://kura.pro" ## The author website of the page.
author_twitter: "@wwdseb" ## The author twitter of the page.
author_location: "London, UK" ## The author location of the page.
thanks: "Thanks for reading!" ## The thanks of the page.
site_last_updated: "2023-07-05" ## The last updated of the site.
site_standards: "HTML5, CSS3, RSS, Atom, JSON, XML, YAML, Markdown, TOML" ## The standards of the site.
site_components: "Kaishi, Kaishi Builder, Kaishi CLI, Kaishi Templates, Kaishi Themes" ## The components of the site.
site_software: "Shokunin, Rust" ## The software of the site.

---
