content/index.md, before:

---

# Front Matter (YAML)

author: "jane.doe@kaishi.one (Jane Doe)" ## The author of the page. (max 64 characters)
banner_alt: "MacBook Pro on white surface" ## The banner alt of the site.
banner_height: "398" ## The banner height of the site.
banner_width: "1440" ## The banner width of the site.
banner: "https://kura.pro/stock/images/banners/bernardo-lorena-ponte-cEp2Tow6XKk.webp" ## The banner of the site.
cdn: "https://kura.pro" ## The CDN of the site.
changefreq: "weekly" ## The changefreq of the site.
charset: "utf-8" ## The charset of the site. (default: utf-8)
cname: "kaishi.one" ## The cname value of the site. (Only required for the index page.)
copyright: "© 2024 Kaishi. All rights reserved." ## The copyright of the site.
date: "July 12, 2023"
description: "Make beautiful websites with Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator starter template." ## The description of the site. (max 160 characters)
download: "" ## The download url for the product.
format-detection: "telephone=no" ## The format detection of the site.
hreflang: "en" ## The hreflang of the site. (default: en-gb)
icon: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg" ## The icon of the site in SVG format.
id: "https://kaishi.one" ## The id of the site.
image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The image alt of the site.
image_height: "630" ## The image height of the site.
image_width: "1200" ## The image width of the site.
image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/banners/banner-kaishi.webp" ## The main image of the site in SVG format.
keywords: "kaishi, shokunin static site generator, static site generator, minimalist website template, modern website template, responsive website template, website starter template, freelance creative, startup founder, small business owner, online presence" ## The keywords of the site. (comma separated, max 10 keywords)
language: "en-GB" ## The language of the site. (default: en-GB)
layout: "index" ## The layout of the site.
locale: "en_GB" ## The locale of the site.
logo_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The logo alt of the site.
logo_height: "33" ## The logo height of the site.
logo_width: "100" ## The logo width of the site.
logo: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg" ## The logo of the site in SVG format.
name: "Kaishi" ## The name of the website. (max 64 characters)
permalink: "https://kaishi.one" ## The url of the site.
rating: "general" ## The rating of the site.
referrer: "no-referrer" ## The referrer of the site.
revisit-after: "7 days" ## The revisit after of the site.
robots: "index, follow" ## The robots of the site.
short_name: "kaishi" ## The short name of the site. (max 12 characters)
subtitle: "Build Amazing Websites with Minimal Effort using Kaishi Starter Templates" ## The subtitle of the page. (max 64 characters)
theme-color: "143, 250, 113" ## The theme color of the site.
tags: "kaishi, shokunin static site generator, static site generator, minimalist website template, modern website template, responsive website template, website starter template, freelance creative, startup founder, small business owner, online presence" ## The tags of the site. (comma separated, max 10 tags)
title: "Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template" ## The title of the page. (max 64 characters)
url: "https://kaishi.one" ## The url of the site.
viewport: "width=device-width, initial-scale=1, shrink-to-fit=no" ## The viewport of the site.

# RSS - The RSS feed front matter (YAML).
atom_link: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
category: "Technology"
docs: https://validator.w3.org/feed/docs/rss2.html
generator: "Shokunin SSG (version 0.0.27)"
item_description: RSS feed for the site
item_guid: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
item_link: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
item_pub_date: "Tue, 20 Feb 2024 15:15:15 GMT"
item_title: "RSS"
last_build_date: "Tue, 20 Feb 2024 15:15:15 GMT"
managing_editor: jane.doe@kaishi.one (Jane Doe)
pub_date: "Tue, 20 Feb 2024 15:15:15 GMT"
ttl: "60"
type: "website"
webmaster: jane.doe@kaishi.one

# Apple - The Apple front matter (YAML).
apple_mobile_web_app_orientations: "portrait" ## The Apple mobile web app orientations of the page.
apple_touch_icon_sizes: "192x192" ## The Apple touch icon sizes of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-capable: "yes" ## The Apple mobile web app capable of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-inset: "black" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar inset of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style: "black-translucent" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar style of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-title: "Kaishi" ## The Apple mobile web app title of the page.
apple-touch-fullscreen: "yes" ## The Apple touch fullscreen of the page.

# MS Application - The MS Application front matter (YAML).

msapplication-navbutton-color: "rgb(0,102,204)"

# Twitter Card - The Twitter Card front matter (YAML).

## twitter_card - The Twitter Card type of the page.
twitter_card: "summary"
## twitter_creator - The Twitter Card creator of the page.
twitter_creator: "janedoe"
## twitter_description - The Twitter Card description of the page.
twitter_description: "Make beautiful websites with Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template."
## twitter_image - The Twitter Card image of the page.
twitter_image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg"
## twitter_image:alt - The Twitter Card image alt of the page.
twitter_image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites"
## twitter_site - The Twitter Card site of the page.
twitter_site: "janedoe"
## twitter_title - The Twitter Card title of the page.
twitter_title: "Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template"
## twitter_url - The Twitter Card url of the page.
twitter_url: "https://kaishi.one"

# Humans.txt - The Humans.txt front matter (YAML).
author_website: "https://kura.pro" ## The author website of the page.
author_twitter: "@wwdseb" ## The author twitter of the page.
author_location: "London, UK" ## The author location of the page.
thanks: "Thanks for reading!" ## The thanks of the page.
site_last_updated: "2023-07-05" ## The last updated of the site.
site_standards: "HTML5, CSS3, RSS, Atom, JSON, XML, YAML, Markdown, TOML" ## The standards of the site.
site_components: "Kaishi, Kaishi Builder, Kaishi CLI, Kaishi Templates, Kaishi Themes" ## The components of the site.
site_software: "Shokunin, Rust" ## The software of the site.

---

## Overview

**Kaishi** is a minimalist and modern [Shokunin static website generator ⧉][0]
starter template designed for professionals who value simplicity and elegance.

With its clean and dynamic layout, Kaishi offers a versatile and user-friendly
solution for those looking to showcase their work and services online. Built on
a responsive framework, this template is ideal for professionals without coding
or design skills.

Whether you're a freelance creative, a startup founder, or a small business
owner. Kaishi's ready-to-use website and responsive starter templates provide
the perfect foundation for your online presence. With its minimalist design,
Kaishi is the ultimate website starter template for modern and professional
websites.

This page is an example for the Shokunin static website generator. You
can use it as a template for your website or blog. It uses a markdown template
for the content and a custom HTML theme for the layout.

[0]: https://shokunin.one/

Commit message:

feat(ssg): :sparkles: support for google news sitemaps

content/index.md, after:

---

# Front Matter (YAML)

author: "jane.doe@kaishi.one (Jane Doe)" ## The author of the page. (max 64 characters)
banner_alt: "MacBook Pro on white surface" ## The banner alt of the site.
banner_height: "398" ## The banner height of the site.
banner_width: "1440" ## The banner width of the site.
banner: "https://kura.pro/stock/images/banners/bernardo-lorena-ponte-cEp2Tow6XKk.webp" ## The banner of the site.
cdn: "https://kura.pro" ## The CDN of the site.
changefreq: "weekly" ## The changefreq of the site.
charset: "utf-8" ## The charset of the site. (default: utf-8)
cname: "kaishi.one" ## The cname value of the site. (Only required for the index page.)
copyright: "© 2024 Kaishi. All rights reserved." ## The copyright of the site.
date: "July 12, 2023"
description: "Make beautiful websites with Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator starter template." ## The description of the site. (max 160 characters)
download: "" ## The download url for the product.
format-detection: "telephone=no" ## The format detection of the site.
hreflang: "en" ## The hreflang of the site. (default: en-gb)
icon: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg" ## The icon of the site in SVG format.
id: "https://kaishi.one" ## The id of the site.
image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The image alt of the site.
image_height: "630" ## The image height of the site.
image_width: "1200" ## The image width of the site.
image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/banners/banner-kaishi.webp" ## The main image of the site in SVG format.
keywords: "kaishi, shokunin static site generator, static site generator, minimalist website template, modern website template, responsive website template, website starter template, freelance creative, startup founder, small business owner, online presence" ## The keywords of the site. (comma separated, max 10 keywords)
language: "en-GB" ## The language of the site. (default: en-GB)
layout: "index" ## The layout of the site.
locale: "en_GB" ## The locale of the site.
logo_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The logo alt of the site.
logo_height: "33" ## The logo height of the site.
logo_width: "100" ## The logo width of the site.
logo: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg" ## The logo of the site in SVG format.
name: "Kaishi" ## The name of the website. (max 64 characters)
permalink: "https://kaishi.one" ## The url of the site.
rating: "general" ## The rating of the site.
referrer: "no-referrer" ## The referrer of the site.
revisit-after: "7 days" ## The revisit after of the site.
robots: "index, follow" ## The robots of the site.
short_name: "kaishi" ## The short name of the site. (max 12 characters)
subtitle: "Build Amazing Websites with Minimal Effort using Kaishi Starter Templates" ## The subtitle of the page. (max 64 characters)
theme-color: "143, 250, 113" ## The theme color of the site.
tags: "kaishi, shokunin static site generator, static site generator, minimalist website template, modern website template, responsive website template, website starter template, freelance creative, startup founder, small business owner, online presence" ## The tags of the site. (comma separated, max 10 tags)
title: "Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template" ## The title of the page. (max 64 characters)
url: "https://kaishi.one" ## The url of the site.
viewport: "width=device-width, initial-scale=1, shrink-to-fit=no" ## The viewport of the site.


# News - The News SiteMap front matter (YAML).
news_access: "Subscription" ## The access of the site.
news_genres: "Blog" ## The genres of the site. (PressRelease|Satire|Blog|OpEd|Opinion|UserGenerated)
news_keywords: "kaishi, shokunin static site generator, static site generator, minimalist website template, modern website template, responsive website template, website starter template, freelance creative, startup founder, small business owner, online presence" ## The keywords of the site. (comma separated, max 10 keywords)
news_language: "en" ## The language of the site. (default: en)
news_loc: "https://kaishi.one" ## The loc of the site.
news_publication_date: "Tue, 20 Feb 2024 15:15:15 GMT" ## The publication date of the site.
news_publication_name: "Kaishi" ## The news publication name of the site.
news_title: "Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template" ## The title of the page. (max 64 characters)


# RSS - The RSS feed front matter (YAML).
atom_link: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
category: "Technology"
docs: https://validator.w3.org/feed/docs/rss2.html
generator: "Shokunin SSG (version 0.0.27)"
item_description: RSS feed for the site
item_guid: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
item_link: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
item_pub_date: "Tue, 20 Feb 2024 15:15:15 GMT"
item_title: "RSS"
last_build_date: "Tue, 20 Feb 2024 15:15:15 GMT"
managing_editor: jane.doe@kaishi.one (Jane Doe)
pub_date: "Tue, 20 Feb 2024 15:15:15 GMT"
ttl: "60"
type: "website"
webmaster: jane.doe@kaishi.one

# Apple - The Apple front matter (YAML).
apple_mobile_web_app_orientations: "portrait" ## The Apple mobile web app orientations of the page.
apple_touch_icon_sizes: "192x192" ## The Apple touch icon sizes of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-capable: "yes" ## The Apple mobile web app capable of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-inset: "black" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar inset of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style: "black-translucent" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar style of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-title: "Kaishi" ## The Apple mobile web app title of the page.
apple-touch-fullscreen: "yes" ## The Apple touch fullscreen of the page.

# MS Application - The MS Application front matter (YAML).

msapplication-navbutton-color: "rgb(0,102,204)"

# Twitter Card - The Twitter Card front matter (YAML).

## twitter_card - The Twitter Card type of the page.
twitter_card: "summary"
## twitter_creator - The Twitter Card creator of the page.
twitter_creator: "janedoe"
## twitter_description - The Twitter Card description of the page.
twitter_description: "Make beautiful websites with Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template."
## twitter_image - The Twitter Card image of the page.
twitter_image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg"
## twitter_image:alt - The Twitter Card image alt of the page.
twitter_image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites"
## twitter_site - The Twitter Card site of the page.
twitter_site: "janedoe"
## twitter_title - The Twitter Card title of the page.
twitter_title: "Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template"
## twitter_url - The Twitter Card url of the page.
twitter_url: "https://kaishi.one"

# Humans.txt - The Humans.txt front matter (YAML).
author_website: "https://kura.pro" ## The author website of the page.
author_twitter: "@wwdseb" ## The author twitter of the page.
author_location: "London, UK" ## The author location of the page.
thanks: "Thanks for reading!" ## The thanks of the page.
site_last_updated: "2023-07-05" ## The last updated of the site.
site_standards: "HTML5, CSS3, RSS, Atom, JSON, XML, YAML, Markdown, TOML" ## The standards of the site.
site_components: "Kaishi, Kaishi Builder, Kaishi CLI, Kaishi Templates, Kaishi Themes" ## The components of the site.
site_software: "Shokunin, Rust" ## The software of the site.

---

## Overview

**Kaishi** is a minimalist and modern [Shokunin static website generator ⧉][0]
starter template designed for professionals who value simplicity and elegance.

With its clean and dynamic layout, Kaishi offers a versatile and user-friendly
solution for those looking to showcase their work and services online. Built on
a responsive framework, this template is ideal for professionals without coding
or design skills.

Whether you're a freelance creative, a startup founder, or a small business
owner. Kaishi's ready-to-use website and responsive starter templates provide
the perfect foundation for your online presence. With its minimalist design,
Kaishi is the ultimate website starter template for modern and professional
websites.

This page is an example for the Shokunin static website generator. You
can use it as a template for your website or blog. It uses a markdown template
for the content and a custom HTML theme for the layout.

[0]: https://shokunin.one/
