content/post.md, before:

---

# Front Matter (YAML)

author: "jane.doe@kaishi.one (Jane Doe)" ## The author of the page. (max 64 characters)
banner_alt: "Green And Black Tiled Wall" ## The banner alt of the site.
banner_height: "398" ## The banner height of the site.
banner_width: "1440" ## The banner width of the site.
banner: "https://kura.pro/stock/images/banners/bernardo-lorena-ponte-cEp2Tow6XKk.webp" ## The banner of the site.
cdn: "https://kura.pro" ## The CDN of the site.
changefreq: "weekly" ## The changefreq of the site.
charset: "utf-8" ## The charset of the site. (default: utf-8)
cname: "kaishi.one" ## The cname value of the site. (Only required for the index page.)
copyright: "© 2024 Kaishi. All rights reserved." ## The copyright of the site.
date: "July 12, 2023"
description: "Everything You Need to Build a Stunning Website." ## The description of the site. (max 160 characters)
download: "" ## The download url for the product.
format-detection: "telephone=no" ## The format detection of the site.
hreflang: "en" ## The hreflang of the site. (default: en-gb)
icon: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg" ## The icon of the site in SVG format.
id: "https://kaishi.one" ## The id of the site.
image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The image alt of the site.
image_height: "630" ## The image height of the site.
image_width: "1200" ## The image width of the site.
image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/banners/banner-kaishi.webp" ## The main image of the site in SVG format.
keywords: "kaishi starter templates, shokunin static site generator, static site generator, starter templates, bootstrap, bootstrap css, bootstrap javascript, content security policy, open graph meta tags, responsive navigation bar, schema.org meta tags" ## The keywords of the site. (max 160 characters)
language: "en-GB" ## The language of the site. (default: en-GB)
layout: "post" ## The layout of the site.
locale: "en_GB" ## The locale of the site.
logo_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The logo alt of the site.
logo_height: "33" ## The logo height of the site.
logo_width: "100" ## The logo width of the site.
logo: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg" ## The logo of the site in SVG format.
name: "Kaishi" ## The name of the website. (max 64 characters)
permalink: "https://kaishi.one/features" ## The url of the site.
rating: "general" ## The rating of the site.
referrer: "no-referrer" ## The referrer of the site.
revisit-after: "7 days" ## The revisit after of the site.
robots: "index, follow" ## The robots of the site.
short_name: "kaishi" ## The short name of the site. (max 12 characters)
subtitle: "Build Amazing Websites with Minimal Effort using Kaishi Starter Templates" ## The subtitle of the page. (max 64 characters)
tags: "kaishi starter templates, shokunin static site generator, static site generator, starter templates, bootstrap, bootstrap css, bootstrap javascript, content security policy, open graph meta tags, responsive navigation bar, schema.org meta tags" ## The tags of the site. (max 160 characters)
theme-color: "143, 250, 113" ## The theme color of the site.
title: "Features" ## The title of the page. (max 64 characters)
url: "https://kaishi.one" ## The url of the site.
viewport: "width=device-width, initial-scale=1, shrink-to-fit=no" ## The viewport of the site.

# RSS - The RSS feed front matter (YAML).
atom_link: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
category: "Technology"
docs: https://validator.w3.org/feed/docs/rss2.html
generator: "Shokunin SSG (version 0.0.27)"
item_description: RSS feed for the site
item_guid: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
item_link: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
item_pub_date: "Mon, 19 Feb 2024 15:15:15 GMT"
item_title: "RSS"
last_build_date: "Mon, 19 Feb 2024 15:15:15 GMT"
managing_editor: jane.doe@kaishi.one (Jane Doe)
pub_date: "Mon, 19 Feb 2024 15:15:15 GMT"
ttl: "60"
type: "website"
webmaster: jane.doe@kaishi.one

# Apple - The Apple front matter (YAML).
apple_mobile_web_app_orientations: "portrait" ## The Apple mobile web app orientations of the page.
apple_touch_icon_sizes: "192x192" ## The Apple touch icon sizes of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-capable: "yes" ## The Apple mobile web app capable of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-inset: "black" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar inset of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style: "black-translucent" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar style of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-title: "Kaishi" ## The Apple mobile web app title of the page.
apple-touch-fullscreen: "yes" ## The Apple touch fullscreen of the page.

# MS Application - The MS Application front matter (YAML).

msapplication-navbutton-color: "rgb(0,102,204)"

# Twitter Card - The Twitter Card front matter (YAML).

## twitter_card - The Twitter Card type of the page.
twitter_card: "summary"
## twitter_creator - The Twitter Card creator of the page.
twitter_creator: "janedoe"
## twitter_description - The Twitter Card description of the page.
twitter_description: "Everything You Need to Build a Stunning Website."
## twitter_image - The Twitter Card image of the page.
twitter_image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg"
## twitter_image:alt - The Twitter Card image alt of the page.
twitter_image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites"
## twitter_site - The Twitter Card site of the page.
twitter_site: "janedoe"
## twitter_title - The Twitter Card title of the page.
twitter_title: "Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template"
## twitter_url - The Twitter Card url of the page.
twitter_url: "https://kaishi.one"

# Humans.txt - The Humans.txt front matter (YAML).
author_website: "https://kura.pro" ## The author website of the page.
author_twitter: "@wwdseb" ## The author twitter of the page.
author_location: "London, UK" ## The author location of the page.
thanks: "Thanks for reading!" ## The thanks of the page.
site_last_updated: "2023-07-05" ## The last updated of the site.
site_standards: "HTML5, CSS3, RSS, Atom, JSON, XML, YAML, Markdown, TOML" ## The standards of the site.
site_components: "Kaishi, Kaishi Builder, Kaishi CLI, Kaishi Templates, Kaishi Themes" ## The components of the site.
site_software: "Shokunin, Rust" ## The software of the site.

---

![Nature shinning][00].class=\"img-fluid w-50 float-start p-5 mb-3\"

## Starter Templates

.class=\"fw-bold\"All the starter templates, whether pages or websites are built from scratch
using the same principles and features. This means that you can easily mix and
match them together to create your own custom layouts and content.

### Pages

Get started with Shokunin using any of our Starter Templates for building
your website or web application. Our templates are designed to be flexible and easy to modify.

#### Template Features

- **Responsive Design**: All templates are fully responsive, ensuring they look great on any device.
- **Modular Components**: Templates are built with modular components, making them easy to customize.
- **Modern Aesthetics**: Each template is crafted with modern design trends in mind.

#### Getting Started

.class=\"fw-bold text-danger\"To get started, select a template that suits your project's needs. Customize it with your content, style, and functionality.

1. **Choose a Template**: Browse through our collection and pick a starting point.
2. **Customize**: Modify the layout, add your content, and tweak the styles.
3. **Launch**: Deploy your new website or web app to the world.

### Websites

.class=\"display-1\"Building a website from scratch can be a daunting task, but our starter templates make it simple and straightforward.


![Nature shinning][00].class=\"img-fluid w-50 float-end p-5 mb-3\"

### Why Use Our Templates?

- **Speed**: Jumpstart your development with pre-made designs.
- **Quality**: High-quality, well-tested templates ensure reliability.
- **Support**: Our team is here to help with any questions or issues.

### Customization

Customize templates to fit your specific needs. The possibilities are endless!

#### Tips for Customization

- **Understand the Structure**: Familiarize yourself with the template's structure and components.
- **Experiment**: Don't be afraid to experiment with different layouts and styles.
- **Feedback**: Seek feedback on your designs and iterate based on the input.

## Conclusion

With our range of starter templates, you have a solid foundation to build something unique and tailored to your specific requirements. Dive in and start creating!

[00]: https://kura.pro/stock/images/banners/johannes-plenio-6XUA5KQ9-1k.webp

Commit message:

feat(ssg): :sparkles: support for google news sitemaps

content/post.md, after:

---

# Front Matter (YAML)

author: "jane.doe@kaishi.one (Jane Doe)" ## The author of the page. (max 64 characters)
banner_alt: "Green And Black Tiled Wall" ## The banner alt of the site.
banner_height: "398" ## The banner height of the site.
banner_width: "1440" ## The banner width of the site.
banner: "https://kura.pro/stock/images/banners/bernardo-lorena-ponte-cEp2Tow6XKk.webp" ## The banner of the site.
cdn: "https://kura.pro" ## The CDN of the site.
changefreq: "weekly" ## The changefreq of the site.
charset: "utf-8" ## The charset of the site. (default: utf-8)
cname: "kaishi.one" ## The cname value of the site. (Only required for the index page.)
copyright: "© 2024 Kaishi. All rights reserved." ## The copyright of the site.
date: "July 12, 2023"
description: "Everything You Need to Build a Stunning Website." ## The description of the site. (max 160 characters)
download: "" ## The download url for the product.
format-detection: "telephone=no" ## The format detection of the site.
hreflang: "en" ## The hreflang of the site. (default: en-gb)
icon: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg" ## The icon of the site in SVG format.
id: "https://kaishi.one" ## The id of the site.
image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The image alt of the site.
image_height: "630" ## The image height of the site.
image_width: "1200" ## The image width of the site.
image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/banners/banner-kaishi.webp" ## The main image of the site in SVG format.
keywords: "kaishi starter templates, shokunin static site generator, static site generator, starter templates, bootstrap, bootstrap css, bootstrap javascript, content security policy, open graph meta tags, responsive navigation bar, schema.org meta tags" ## The keywords of the site. (max 160 characters)
language: "en-GB" ## The language of the site. (default: en-GB)
layout: "post" ## The layout of the site.
locale: "en_GB" ## The locale of the site.
logo_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The logo alt of the site.
logo_height: "33" ## The logo height of the site.
logo_width: "100" ## The logo width of the site.
logo: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg" ## The logo of the site in SVG format.
name: "Kaishi" ## The name of the website. (max 64 characters)
permalink: "https://kaishi.one/features" ## The url of the site.
rating: "general" ## The rating of the site.
referrer: "no-referrer" ## The referrer of the site.
revisit-after: "7 days" ## The revisit after of the site.
robots: "index, follow" ## The robots of the site.
short_name: "kaishi" ## The short name of the site. (max 12 characters)
subtitle: "Build Amazing Websites with Minimal Effort using Kaishi Starter Templates" ## The subtitle of the page. (max 64 characters)
tags: "kaishi starter templates, shokunin static site generator, static site generator, starter templates, bootstrap, bootstrap css, bootstrap javascript, content security policy, open graph meta tags, responsive navigation bar, schema.org meta tags" ## The tags of the site. (max 160 characters)
theme-color: "143, 250, 113" ## The theme color of the site.
title: "Posts" ## The title of the page. (max 64 characters)
url: "https://kaishi.one" ## The url of the site.
viewport: "width=device-width, initial-scale=1, shrink-to-fit=no" ## The viewport of the site.

# News - The News SiteMap front matter (YAML).
news_access: "Subscription" ## The access of the site.
news_genres: "Blog" ## The genres of the site. (PressRelease|Satire|Blog|OpEd|Opinion|UserGenerated)
news_keywords: "kaishi starter templates, shokunin static site generator, static site generator, starter templates, bootstrap, bootstrap css, bootstrap javascript, content security policy, open graph meta tags, responsive navigation bar, schema.org meta tags" ## The keywords of the site. (comma separated, max 10 keywords)
news_language: "en" ## The language of the site. (default: en)
news_loc: "https://kaishi.one" ## The loc of the site.
news_publication_date: "Tue, 20 Feb 2024 15:15:15 GMT" ## The publication date of the site.
news_publication_name: "Kaishi" ## The news publication name of the site.
news_title: "Posts" ## The title of the page. (max 64 characters)

# RSS - The RSS feed front matter (YAML).
atom_link: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
category: "Technology"
docs: https://validator.w3.org/feed/docs/rss2.html
generator: "Shokunin SSG (version 0.0.27)"
item_description: RSS feed for the site
item_guid: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
item_link: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
item_pub_date: "Mon, 19 Feb 2024 15:15:15 GMT"
item_title: "RSS"
last_build_date: "Mon, 19 Feb 2024 15:15:15 GMT"
managing_editor: jane.doe@kaishi.one (Jane Doe)
pub_date: "Mon, 19 Feb 2024 15:15:15 GMT"
ttl: "60"
type: "website"
webmaster: jane.doe@kaishi.one

# Apple - The Apple front matter (YAML).
apple_mobile_web_app_orientations: "portrait" ## The Apple mobile web app orientations of the page.
apple_touch_icon_sizes: "192x192" ## The Apple touch icon sizes of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-capable: "yes" ## The Apple mobile web app capable of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-inset: "black" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar inset of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style: "black-translucent" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar style of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-title: "Kaishi" ## The Apple mobile web app title of the page.
apple-touch-fullscreen: "yes" ## The Apple touch fullscreen of the page.

# MS Application - The MS Application front matter (YAML).

msapplication-navbutton-color: "rgb(0,102,204)"

# Twitter Card - The Twitter Card front matter (YAML).

## twitter_card - The Twitter Card type of the page.
twitter_card: "summary"
## twitter_creator - The Twitter Card creator of the page.
twitter_creator: "janedoe"
## twitter_description - The Twitter Card description of the page.
twitter_description: "Everything You Need to Build a Stunning Website."
## twitter_image - The Twitter Card image of the page.
twitter_image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg"
## twitter_image:alt - The Twitter Card image alt of the page.
twitter_image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites"
## twitter_site - The Twitter Card site of the page.
twitter_site: "janedoe"
## twitter_title - The Twitter Card title of the page.
twitter_title: "Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template"
## twitter_url - The Twitter Card url of the page.
twitter_url: "https://kaishi.one"

# Humans.txt - The Humans.txt front matter (YAML).
author_website: "https://kura.pro" ## The author website of the page.
author_twitter: "@wwdseb" ## The author twitter of the page.
author_location: "London, UK" ## The author location of the page.
thanks: "Thanks for reading!" ## The thanks of the page.
site_last_updated: "2023-07-05" ## The last updated of the site.
site_standards: "HTML5, CSS3, RSS, Atom, JSON, XML, YAML, Markdown, TOML" ## The standards of the site.
site_components: "Kaishi, Kaishi Builder, Kaishi CLI, Kaishi Templates, Kaishi Themes" ## The components of the site.
site_software: "Shokunin, Rust" ## The software of the site.

---

![Nature shinning][00].class=\"img-fluid w-50 float-start p-5 mb-3\"

## Starter Templates

.class=\"fw-bold\"All the starter templates, whether pages or websites are built from scratch
using the same principles and features. This means that you can easily mix and
match them together to create your own custom layouts and content.

### Pages

Get started with Shokunin using any of our Starter Templates for building
your website or web application. Our templates are designed to be flexible and easy to modify.

#### Template Features

- **Responsive Design**: All templates are fully responsive, ensuring they look great on any device.
- **Modular Components**: Templates are built with modular components, making them easy to customize.
- **Modern Aesthetics**: Each template is crafted with modern design trends in mind.

#### Getting Started

.class=\"fw-bold text-danger\"To get started, select a template that suits your project's needs. Customize it with your content, style, and functionality.

1. **Choose a Template**: Browse through our collection and pick a starting point.
2. **Customize**: Modify the layout, add your content, and tweak the styles.
3. **Launch**: Deploy your new website or web app to the world.

### Websites

.class=\"display-1\"Building a website from scratch can be a daunting task, but our starter templates make it simple and straightforward.


![Nature shinning][00].class=\"img-fluid w-50 float-end p-5 mb-3\"

### Why Use Our Templates?

- **Speed**: Jumpstart your development with pre-made designs.
- **Quality**: High-quality, well-tested templates ensure reliability.
- **Support**: Our team is here to help with any questions or issues.

### Customization

Customize templates to fit your specific needs. The possibilities are endless!

#### Tips for Customization

- **Understand the Structure**: Familiarize yourself with the template's structure and components.
- **Experiment**: Don't be afraid to experiment with different layouts and styles.
- **Feedback**: Seek feedback on your designs and iterate based on the input.

## Conclusion

With our range of starter templates, you have a solid foundation to build something unique and tailored to your specific requirements. Dive in and start creating!

[00]: https://kura.pro/stock/images/banners/johannes-plenio-6XUA5KQ9-1k.webp
