content/privacy.md, before:

---

# Front Matter (YAML)

author: "Jane Doe" ## The author of the page. (max 64 characters)
banner_alt: "MacBook Pro on white surface" ## The banner alt of the site.
banner_height: "398" ## The banner height of the site.
banner_width: "1440" ## The banner width of the site.
banner: "https://kura.pro/unsplash/images/banners/johannes-plenio-6XUA5KQ9-1k-unsplash.jpg" ## The banner of the site.
cdn: "https://kura.pro" ## The CDN of the site.
charset: "utf-8" ## The charset of the site. (default: utf-8)
cname: "kaishi.one" ## The cname value of the site. (Only required for the index page.)
copyright: "© 2023 Kaishi. All rights reserved." ## The copyright of the site.
description: "Make beautiful websites with Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator starter template." ## The description of the site. (max 160 characters)
download: "" ## The download url for the product.
format-detection: "telephone=no" ## The format detection of the site.
hreflang: "en" ## The hreflang of the site. (default: en-gb)
icon: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg" ## The icon of the site in SVG format.
id: "https://kaishi.one" ## The id of the site.
image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The image alt of the site.
image_height: "630" ## The image height of the site.
image_width: "1200" ## The image width of the site.
image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/banners/banner-kaishi.webp" ## The main image of the site in SVG format.
keywords: "Sample, Rust, static site generator, ssg, dynamic websites, HTML themes, templates, Markdown, YAML, JSON, TOML" ## The keywords of the site. (comma separated, max 10 keywords)
language: "en-GB" ## The language of the site. (default: en-GB)
layout: "page" ## The layout of the site.
locale: "en_GB" ## The locale of the site.
logo_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The logo alt of the site.
logo_height: "33" ## The logo height of the site.
logo_width: "100" ## The logo width of the site.
logo: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/banners/banner-kaishi.webp" ## The logo of the site in SVG format.
name: "Kaishi" ## The name of the website. (max 64 characters)
permalink: "https://kaishi.one" ## The url of the site.
rating: "general" ## The rating of the site.
referrer: "no-referrer" ## The referrer of the site.
revisit-after: "7 days" ## The revisit after of the site.
robots: "index, follow" ## The robots of the site.
short_name: "kaishi" ## The short name of the site. (max 12 characters)
subtitle: "Build Amazing Websites with Minimal Effort using Kaishi Starter Templates" ## The subtitle of the page. (max 64 characters)
theme_color: "rgb(143, 250, 111)" ## The theme color of the site.
title: "Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template" ## The title of the page. (max 64 characters)
url: "https://kaishi.one" ## The url of the site.
viewport: "width=device-width, initial-scale=1, shrink-to-fit=no" ## The viewport of the site.

# RSS - The RSS feed front matter (YAML).
atom_link: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
category: "Technology"
docs: https://validator.w3.org/feed/docs/rss2.html
generator: "Shokunin 🦀 (version 0.0.16)"
item_description: RSS feed for the site
item_guid: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
item_link: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
item_pub_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
item_title: "RSS"
last_build_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
managing_editor: jane.doe@kaishi.one
pub_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
ttl: "60"
type: "website"
webmaster: jane.doe@kaishi.one

# Apple - The Apple front matter (YAML).
apple_mobile_web_app_orientations: "portrait" ## The Apple mobile web app orientations of the page.
apple_touch_icon_sizes: "192x192" ## The Apple touch icon sizes of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-capable: "yes" ## The Apple mobile web app capable of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-inset: "black" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar inset of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style: "black-translucent" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar style of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-title: "Kaishi" ## The Apple mobile web app title of the page.
apple-touch-fullscreen: "yes" ## The Apple touch fullscreen of the page.

# MS Application - The MS Application front matter (YAML).

msapplication-navbutton-color: "rgb(143, 250, 111)"

# Twitter Card - The Twitter Card front matter (YAML).

## twitter_card - The Twitter Card type of the page.
twitter_card: "summary"
## twitter_creator - The Twitter Card creator of the page.
twitter_creator: "janedoe"
## twitter_description - The Twitter Card description of the page.
twitter_description: "Make beautiful websites with Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template."
## twitter_image - The Twitter Card image of the page.
twitter_image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg"
## twitter_image:alt - The Twitter Card image alt of the page.
twitter_image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites"
## twitter_site - The Twitter Card site of the page.
twitter_site: "janedoe"
## twitter_title - The Twitter Card title of the page.
twitter_title: "Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template"
## twitter_url - The Twitter Card url of the page.
twitter_url: "https://kaishi.one"

# Humans.txt - The Humans.txt front matter (YAML).
author_website: "https://kura.pro" ## The author website of the page.
author_twitter: "@wwdseb" ## The author twitter of the page.
author_location: "London, UK" ## The author location of the page.
thanks: "Thanks for reading!" ## The thanks of the page.
site_last_updated: "2023-07-05" ## The last updated of the site.
site_standards: "HTML5, CSS3, RSS, Atom, JSON, XML, YAML, Markdown, TOML" ## The standards of the site.
site_components: "Kaishi, Kaishi Builder, Kaishi CLI, Kaishi Templates, Kaishi Themes" ## The components of the site.
site_software: "Shokunin, Rust" ## The software of the site.

---

## Information Collection and Use

We do not directly collect any personal data from you while you navigate our website. We do not use cookies for logic or save any personal information from a user.

## Use of Tracking Tools

We use two third-party services to monitor and analyze web traffic: Google Analytics and Microsoft Clarity.

### Google Analytics

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Website. This data is shared with other Google services. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: [Google Privacy & Terms ⧉](https://policies.google.com/privacy)

### Microsoft Clarity

Microsoft Clarity is a user behavior analytics tool that helps us understand how users interact with our website. The data collected includes information such as mouse movements, clicks, and scrolls. For more information on the privacy practices of Microsoft, please visit the Microsoft Privacy Statement web page: [Microsoft Privacy Statement ⧉](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement)

## Your Rights

Depending on where you reside, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal data, such as the right to request access, correction, or deletion of your data, or to object to our use of your data.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We advise you to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.

Commit message:

ref(shokunin): optimising metatags and WIP tags

content/privacy.md, after:

---

# Front Matter (YAML)

author: "Jane Doe" ## The author of the page. (max 64 characters)
banner_alt: "MacBook Pro on white surface" ## The banner alt of the site.
banner_height: "398" ## The banner height of the site.
banner_width: "1440" ## The banner width of the site.
banner: "https://kura.pro/unsplash/images/banners/johannes-plenio-6XUA5KQ9-1k-unsplash.jpg" ## The banner of the site.
cdn: "https://kura.pro" ## The CDN of the site.
charset: "utf-8" ## The charset of the site. (default: utf-8)
cname: "kaishi.one" ## The cname value of the site. (Only required for the index page.)
copyright: "© 2023 Kaishi. All rights reserved." ## The copyright of the site.
description: "Make beautiful websites with Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator starter template." ## The description of the site. (max 160 characters)
download: "" ## The download url for the product.
format-detection: "telephone=no" ## The format detection of the site.
hreflang: "en" ## The hreflang of the site. (default: en-gb)
icon: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg" ## The icon of the site in SVG format.
id: "https://kaishi.one" ## The id of the site.
image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The image alt of the site.
image_height: "630" ## The image height of the site.
image_width: "1200" ## The image width of the site.
image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/banners/banner-kaishi.webp" ## The main image of the site in SVG format.
keywords: "privacy policy, kaishi, shokunin static site generator, static site generator, user data, google analytics, microsoft clarity, tracking tools, personal information, rights, changes" ## The keywords of the site. (max 160 characters)
language: "en-GB" ## The language of the site. (default: en-GB)
layout: "page" ## The layout of the site.
locale: "en_GB" ## The locale of the site.
logo_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The logo alt of the site.
logo_height: "33" ## The logo height of the site.
logo_width: "100" ## The logo width of the site.
logo: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/banners/banner-kaishi.webp" ## The logo of the site in SVG format.
name: "Kaishi" ## The name of the website. (max 64 characters)
permalink: "https://kaishi.one/privacy" ## The url of the site.
rating: "general" ## The rating of the site.
referrer: "no-referrer" ## The referrer of the site.
revisit-after: "7 days" ## The revisit after of the site.
robots: "index, follow" ## The robots of the site.
short_name: "kaishi" ## The short name of the site. (max 12 characters)
subtitle: "Build Amazing Websites with Minimal Effort using Kaishi Starter Templates" ## The subtitle of the page. (max 64 characters)
theme_color: "rgb(143, 250, 111)" ## The theme color of the site.
title: "Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template" ## The title of the page. (max 64 characters)
url: "https://kaishi.one" ## The url of the site.
viewport: "width=device-width, initial-scale=1, shrink-to-fit=no" ## The viewport of the site.

# RSS - The RSS feed front matter (YAML).
atom_link: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
category: "Technology"
docs: https://validator.w3.org/feed/docs/rss2.html
generator: "Shokunin 🦀 (version 0.0.16)"
item_description: RSS feed for the site
item_guid: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
item_link: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
item_pub_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
item_title: "RSS"
last_build_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
managing_editor: jane.doe@kaishi.one
pub_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
ttl: "60"
type: "website"
webmaster: jane.doe@kaishi.one

# Apple - The Apple front matter (YAML).
apple_mobile_web_app_orientations: "portrait" ## The Apple mobile web app orientations of the page.
apple_touch_icon_sizes: "192x192" ## The Apple touch icon sizes of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-capable: "yes" ## The Apple mobile web app capable of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-inset: "black" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar inset of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style: "black-translucent" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar style of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-title: "Kaishi" ## The Apple mobile web app title of the page.
apple-touch-fullscreen: "yes" ## The Apple touch fullscreen of the page.

# MS Application - The MS Application front matter (YAML).

msapplication-navbutton-color: "rgb(143, 250, 111)"

# Twitter Card - The Twitter Card front matter (YAML).

## twitter_card - The Twitter Card type of the page.
twitter_card: "summary"
## twitter_creator - The Twitter Card creator of the page.
twitter_creator: "janedoe"
## twitter_description - The Twitter Card description of the page.
twitter_description: "Make beautiful websites with Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template."
## twitter_image - The Twitter Card image of the page.
twitter_image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg"
## twitter_image:alt - The Twitter Card image alt of the page.
twitter_image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites"
## twitter_site - The Twitter Card site of the page.
twitter_site: "janedoe"
## twitter_title - The Twitter Card title of the page.
twitter_title: "Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template"
## twitter_url - The Twitter Card url of the page.
twitter_url: "https://kaishi.one"

# Humans.txt - The Humans.txt front matter (YAML).
author_website: "https://kura.pro" ## The author website of the page.
author_twitter: "@wwdseb" ## The author twitter of the page.
author_location: "London, UK" ## The author location of the page.
thanks: "Thanks for reading!" ## The thanks of the page.
site_last_updated: "2023-07-05" ## The last updated of the site.
site_standards: "HTML5, CSS3, RSS, Atom, JSON, XML, YAML, Markdown, TOML" ## The standards of the site.
site_components: "Kaishi, Kaishi Builder, Kaishi CLI, Kaishi Templates, Kaishi Themes" ## The components of the site.
site_software: "Shokunin, Rust" ## The software of the site.

---

## Information Collection and Use

We do not directly collect any personal data from you while you navigate our website. We do not use cookies for logic or save any personal information from a user.

## Use of Tracking Tools

We use two third-party services to monitor and analyze web traffic: Google Analytics and Microsoft Clarity.

### Google Analytics

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Website. This data is shared with other Google services. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: [Google Privacy & Terms ⧉](https://policies.google.com/privacy)

### Microsoft Clarity

Microsoft Clarity is a user behavior analytics tool that helps us understand how users interact with our website. The data collected includes information such as mouse movements, clicks, and scrolls. For more information on the privacy practices of Microsoft, please visit the Microsoft Privacy Statement web page: [Microsoft Privacy Statement ⧉](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement)

## Your Rights

Depending on where you reside, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal data, such as the right to request access, correction, or deletion of your data, or to object to our use of your data.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We advise you to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
