content/terms.md, before:

---

# Front Matter (YAML)

author: "Jane Doe" ## The author of the page. (max 64 characters)
banner_alt: "MacBook Pro on white surface" ## The banner alt of the site.
banner_height: "398" ## The banner height of the site.
banner_width: "1440" ## The banner width of the site.
banner: "https://kura.pro/unsplash/images/banners/sean-stratton-ObpCE_X3j6U-unsplash.jpg" ## The banner of the site.
cdn: "https://kura.pro" ## The CDN of the site.
charset: "utf-8" ## The charset of the site. (default: utf-8)
cname: "kaishi.one" ## The cname value of the site. (Only required for the index page.)
copyright: "© 2023 Kaishi. All rights reserved." ## The copyright of the site.
description: "Make beautiful websites with Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator starter template." ## The description of the site. (max 160 characters)
download: "" ## The download url for the product.
format-detection: "telephone=no" ## The format detection of the site.
hreflang: "en" ## The hreflang of the site. (default: en-gb)
icon: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg" ## The icon of the site in SVG format.
id: "https://kaishi.one" ## The id of the site.
image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The image alt of the site.
image_height: "630" ## The image height of the site.
image_width: "1200" ## The image width of the site.
image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/banners/banner-kaishi.webp" ## The main image of the site in SVG format.
keywords: "Sample, Rust, static site generator, ssg, dynamic websites, HTML themes, templates, Markdown, YAML, JSON, TOML" ## The keywords of the site. (comma separated, max 10 keywords)
language: "en-GB" ## The language of the site. (default: en-GB)
layout: "page" ## The layout of the site.
locale: "en_GB" ## The locale of the site.
logo_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The logo alt of the site.
logo_height: "33" ## The logo height of the site.
logo_width: "100" ## The logo width of the site.
logo: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/banners/banner-kaishi.webp" ## The logo of the site in SVG format.
name: "Kaishi" ## The name of the website. (max 64 characters)
permalink: "https://kaishi.one" ## The url of the site.
rating: "general" ## The rating of the site.
referrer: "no-referrer" ## The referrer of the site.
revisit-after: "7 days" ## The revisit after of the site.
robots: "index, follow" ## The robots of the site.
short_name: "kaishi" ## The short name of the site. (max 12 characters)
subtitle: "Build Amazing Websites with Minimal Effort using Kaishi Starter Templates" ## The subtitle of the page. (max 64 characters)
theme_color: "rgb(143, 250, 111)" ## The theme color of the site.
title: "Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template" ## The title of the page. (max 64 characters)
url: "https://kaishi.one" ## The url of the site.
viewport: "width=device-width, initial-scale=1, shrink-to-fit=no" ## The viewport of the site.

# RSS - The RSS feed front matter (YAML).
atom_link: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
category: "Technology"
docs: https://validator.w3.org/feed/docs/rss2.html
generator: "Shokunin 🦀 (version 0.0.16)"
item_description: RSS feed for the site
item_guid: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
item_link: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
item_pub_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
item_title: "RSS"
last_build_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
managing_editor: jane.doe@kaishi.one
pub_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
ttl: "60"
type: "website"
webmaster: jane.doe@kaishi.one

# Apple - The Apple front matter (YAML).
apple_mobile_web_app_orientations: "portrait" ## The Apple mobile web app orientations of the page.
apple_touch_icon_sizes: "192x192" ## The Apple touch icon sizes of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-capable: "yes" ## The Apple mobile web app capable of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-inset: "black" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar inset of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style: "black-translucent" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar style of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-title: "Kaishi" ## The Apple mobile web app title of the page.
apple-touch-fullscreen: "yes" ## The Apple touch fullscreen of the page.

# MS Application - The MS Application front matter (YAML).

msapplication-navbutton-color: "rgb(143, 250, 111)"

# Twitter Card - The Twitter Card front matter (YAML).

## twitter_card - The Twitter Card type of the page.
twitter_card: "summary"
## twitter_creator - The Twitter Card creator of the page.
twitter_creator: "janedoe"
## twitter_description - The Twitter Card description of the page.
twitter_description: "Make beautiful websites with Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template."
## twitter_image - The Twitter Card image of the page.
twitter_image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg"
## twitter_image:alt - The Twitter Card image alt of the page.
twitter_image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites"
## twitter_site - The Twitter Card site of the page.
twitter_site: "janedoe"
## twitter_title - The Twitter Card title of the page.
twitter_title: "Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template"
## twitter_url - The Twitter Card url of the page.
twitter_url: "https://kaishi.one"

# Humans.txt - The Humans.txt front matter (YAML).
author_website: "https://kura.pro" ## The author website of the page.
author_twitter: "@wwdseb" ## The author twitter of the page.
author_location: "London, UK" ## The author location of the page.
thanks: "Thanks for reading!" ## The thanks of the page.
site_last_updated: "2023-07-05" ## The last updated of the site.
site_standards: "HTML5, CSS3, RSS, Atom, JSON, XML, YAML, Markdown, TOML" ## The standards of the site.
site_components: "Kaishi, Kaishi Builder, Kaishi CLI, Kaishi Templates, Kaishi Themes" ## The components of the site.
site_software: "Shokunin, Rust" ## The software of the site.

---

## Agreement to Terms of Use

These Terms and Conditions of Use (the "Terms of Use") apply to the Shokunin
(職人) website located at <https://kaishi.one/> (the "Website").

BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT
USE THE SITE.

### Intellectual Property

The Website and its original content, features, and functionality are and will
remain the exclusive property of Kaishi. This Website is protected by
United States and international copyright, trademark, and other laws.

### Links to Other Sites and to the Kaishi Site

Our Website may contain links to third-party Web sites ("Linked Sites") or
services that are not owned or controlled by Kaishi. These Linked
Sites are provided solely as a convenience to our visitors.

Kaishi has no control over and assumes no responsibility for the
content, privacy policies, or practises of any Linked Sites or services. We do
not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals, their
websites or services.

### Limitation of Liability

SHOKUNIN (職人) DOES NOT PROMISE THAT THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT, SERVICE OR
FEATURE OF THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS
WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS.
THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE DELIVERED ON AN "AS-IS" AND "AS-AVAILABLE" BASIS.
ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE.
SHOKUNIN (職人) CANNOT ENSURE THAT ANY FILES OR OTHER DATA YOU DOWNLOAD FROM
THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES.
SHOKUNIN (職人) ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS, OMISSIONS AND CONDUCT OF
ANY THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR
ANY SHOKUNIN (職人) SERVICES. IN NO EVENT SHALL SHOKUNIN (職人), NOR ITS
DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, PARTNERS, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, OR AFFILIATES, BE LIABLE FOR
ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER
INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO
ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE.

## Privacy

Kaishi’s [Privacy Policy](/privacy/index.html) applies to use of
this Site, and its terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this
reference. Additionally, by using the Site, you acknowledge and agree that
Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure. You understand
that any message or information you send to the Site may be read or intercepted
by others.

## Governing Law

These Terms shall be interpreted and enacted in accordance with the laws of the
United States, disregarding any conflict of law stipulations.

## Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove
parts of these Terms of Use, at any time. It is your responsibility to check
these Terms of Use periodically for changes. By continuing to access or use
our Website after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the
revised terms.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please [contact us](/contact/index.html)

Commit message:

ref(shokunin): optimising metatags and WIP tags

content/terms.md, after:

---

# Front Matter (YAML)

author: "Jane Doe" ## The author of the page. (max 64 characters)
banner_alt: "MacBook Pro on white surface" ## The banner alt of the site.
banner_height: "398" ## The banner height of the site.
banner_width: "1440" ## The banner width of the site.
banner: "https://kura.pro/unsplash/images/banners/sean-stratton-ObpCE_X3j6U-unsplash.jpg" ## The banner of the site.
cdn: "https://kura.pro" ## The CDN of the site.
charset: "utf-8" ## The charset of the site. (default: utf-8)
cname: "kaishi.one" ## The cname value of the site. (Only required for the index page.)
copyright: "© 2023 Kaishi. All rights reserved." ## The copyright of the site.
description: "Make beautiful websites with Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator starter template." ## The description of the site. (max 160 characters)
download: "" ## The download url for the product.
format-detection: "telephone=no" ## The format detection of the site.
hreflang: "en" ## The hreflang of the site. (default: en-gb)
icon: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg" ## The icon of the site in SVG format.
id: "https://kaishi.one" ## The id of the site.
image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The image alt of the site.
image_height: "630" ## The image height of the site.
image_width: "1200" ## The image width of the site.
image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/banners/banner-kaishi.webp" ## The main image of the site in SVG format.
keywords: "terms of use, kaishi, shokunin static site generator, static site generator, intellectual property, linked sites, liability, privacy, governing law, changes, contact us" ## The keywords of the site. (max 160 characters)
language: "en-GB" ## The language of the site. (default: en-GB)
layout: "page" ## The layout of the site.
locale: "en_GB" ## The locale of the site.
logo_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites" ## The logo alt of the site.
logo_height: "33" ## The logo height of the site.
logo_width: "100" ## The logo width of the site.
logo: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/banners/banner-kaishi.webp" ## The logo of the site in SVG format.
name: "Kaishi" ## The name of the website. (max 64 characters)
permalink: "https://kaishi.one/terms" ## The url of the site.
rating: "general" ## The rating of the site.
referrer: "no-referrer" ## The referrer of the site.
revisit-after: "7 days" ## The revisit after of the site.
robots: "index, follow" ## The robots of the site.
short_name: "kaishi" ## The short name of the site. (max 12 characters)
subtitle: "Build Amazing Websites with Minimal Effort using Kaishi Starter Templates" ## The subtitle of the page. (max 64 characters)
theme_color: "rgb(143, 250, 111)" ## The theme color of the site.
title: "Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template" ## The title of the page. (max 64 characters)
url: "https://kaishi.one" ## The url of the site.
viewport: "width=device-width, initial-scale=1, shrink-to-fit=no" ## The viewport of the site.

# RSS - The RSS feed front matter (YAML).
atom_link: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
category: "Technology"
docs: https://validator.w3.org/feed/docs/rss2.html
generator: "Shokunin 🦀 (version 0.0.16)"
item_description: RSS feed for the site
item_guid: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
item_link: https://kaishi.one/rss.xml
item_pub_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
item_title: "RSS"
last_build_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
managing_editor: jane.doe@kaishi.one
pub_date: "Thu, 12 Jul 2023 15:15:15 GMT"
ttl: "60"
type: "website"
webmaster: jane.doe@kaishi.one

# Apple - The Apple front matter (YAML).
apple_mobile_web_app_orientations: "portrait" ## The Apple mobile web app orientations of the page.
apple_touch_icon_sizes: "192x192" ## The Apple touch icon sizes of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-capable: "yes" ## The Apple mobile web app capable of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-inset: "black" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar inset of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style: "black-translucent" ## The Apple mobile web app status bar style of the page.
apple-mobile-web-app-title: "Kaishi" ## The Apple mobile web app title of the page.
apple-touch-fullscreen: "yes" ## The Apple touch fullscreen of the page.

# MS Application - The MS Application front matter (YAML).

msapplication-navbutton-color: "rgb(143, 250, 111)"

# Twitter Card - The Twitter Card front matter (YAML).

## twitter_card - The Twitter Card type of the page.
twitter_card: "summary"
## twitter_creator - The Twitter Card creator of the page.
twitter_creator: "janedoe"
## twitter_description - The Twitter Card description of the page.
twitter_description: "Make beautiful websites with Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template."
## twitter_image - The Twitter Card image of the page.
twitter_image: "https://kura.pro/kaishi/images/logos/kaishi.svg"
## twitter_image:alt - The Twitter Card image alt of the page.
twitter_image_alt: "Logo of Kaishi, a starter template for static sites"
## twitter_site - The Twitter Card site of the page.
twitter_site: "janedoe"
## twitter_title - The Twitter Card title of the page.
twitter_title: "Kaishi, a Shokunin Static Site Generator Starter Template"
## twitter_url - The Twitter Card url of the page.
twitter_url: "https://kaishi.one"

# Humans.txt - The Humans.txt front matter (YAML).
author_website: "https://kura.pro" ## The author website of the page.
author_twitter: "@wwdseb" ## The author twitter of the page.
author_location: "London, UK" ## The author location of the page.
thanks: "Thanks for reading!" ## The thanks of the page.
site_last_updated: "2023-07-05" ## The last updated of the site.
site_standards: "HTML5, CSS3, RSS, Atom, JSON, XML, YAML, Markdown, TOML" ## The standards of the site.
site_components: "Kaishi, Kaishi Builder, Kaishi CLI, Kaishi Templates, Kaishi Themes" ## The components of the site.
site_software: "Shokunin, Rust" ## The software of the site.

---

## Agreement to Terms of Use

These Terms and Conditions of Use (the "Terms of Use") apply to the Shokunin
(職人) website located at <https://kaishi.one/> (the "Website").

BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT
USE THE SITE.

### Intellectual Property

The Website and its original content, features, and functionality are and will
remain the exclusive property of Kaishi. This Website is protected by
United States and international copyright, trademark, and other laws.

### Links to Other Sites and to the Kaishi Site

Our Website may contain links to third-party Web sites ("Linked Sites") or
services that are not owned or controlled by Kaishi. These Linked
Sites are provided solely as a convenience to our visitors.

Kaishi has no control over and assumes no responsibility for the
content, privacy policies, or practises of any Linked Sites or services. We do
not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals, their
websites or services.

### Limitation of Liability

SHOKUNIN (職人) DOES NOT PROMISE THAT THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT, SERVICE OR
FEATURE OF THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS
WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS.
THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE DELIVERED ON AN "AS-IS" AND "AS-AVAILABLE" BASIS.
ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE.
SHOKUNIN (職人) CANNOT ENSURE THAT ANY FILES OR OTHER DATA YOU DOWNLOAD FROM
THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES.
SHOKUNIN (職人) ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS, OMISSIONS AND CONDUCT OF
ANY THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR
ANY SHOKUNIN (職人) SERVICES. IN NO EVENT SHALL SHOKUNIN (職人), NOR ITS
DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, PARTNERS, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, OR AFFILIATES, BE LIABLE FOR
ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER
INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO
ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE.

## Privacy

Kaishi’s [Privacy Policy](/privacy/index.html) applies to use of
this Site, and its terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this
reference. Additionally, by using the Site, you acknowledge and agree that
Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure. You understand
that any message or information you send to the Site may be read or intercepted
by others.

## Governing Law

These Terms shall be interpreted and enacted in accordance with the laws of the
United States, disregarding any conflict of law stipulations.

## Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove
parts of these Terms of Use, at any time. It is your responsibility to check
these Terms of Use periodically for changes. By continuing to access or use
our Website after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the
revised terms.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please [contact us](/contact/index.html)
